So the last lesson we added in our babble loader so that we can convert our Jesus and Jesus x files
down into yes five jazz files that our browser can understand what we're going to do now is we need
to actually bring in a another loader because we need to actually tell Westpac what it should do with
CSX.
It actually doesn't know how to render and bring in CSX yet.
This is a thing that we have to do with Westpac what we're going to bring in is two new loaders one
loader is called the style loader and the other loader is CSX loader now style loader is what allows
it to convert different types of Style Files.
The seller actually allows us to import install files into our ReACT component files.
The actual CSX loader is what converts CSX into a version or not even a version but it's just what allows
the CSX to be read by our JavaScript files we can use a SAS loader if we wanted to convert SAS over
as well.
But you always need CSX loader and star loader.
So we're just gonna bring those in style loader as well as CSA lower
now that we have those two loaders in we're going to define a new rule.
And here we want to say that for any file that ends in CSX so just like our gas it's falling the very
same conventional pattern except we don't have these brackets because we need the brackets when we do
the ore.
But we don't hear in this context we want to say for any CSX files we want to just run them through
the two loaders and use can take an object with multiple options or it can take an array.
And here we're gonna pass an array because we wanted to run through two loaders.
Keep in mind here that the order does matter loaders evaluate from right to left and we want to render
the CSX load a first before we do the style loader.
So because we're going right to left and we want style loader to be last we're gonna say style loader
first and then CSX loader.
Second and that's all we need for CSX.
The last thing that we need to do is we need to make sure that we can output and build a HCM metal file
that we can actually finally read in our final production build in order to do that.
We need to more tools so going back to our terminal we are going to add in HCM El loader which as you're
familiar with now it's simply just a loader.
But we also need HCM malware pack plugin so the HCM out loader is the thing that lets us read our HCM
Al file inside of our ReACT application.
But the Web pack plugin is what allows us to actually place the output somewhere.
So what it's gonna do is it's going to build all of our HDMI files and it's going to create efficient
chunks as we saw in our performance optimization courses where they're the HDMI email bundles with the
javascript for each page.
And this plugin actually helps us do that so here where you're going to add these two libraries and
once we have that let's go back to our rules and let's add another one so here what we want to do is
we want to say in order to use our HD him a plug in loader.
It's pretty much going to be the exact same as what we saw with the star loader and the gas loader.
We need a test.
And just as we saw we're going to write that we're matching anything that ends and die each demo and
then we're just going to use the loader HDMI loader
so as simple as that.
The only thing now is that after rules we have to actually bring in that HDMI plugin that we were talking
about.
So there's another property called plugins and inside of plugins we're going to call a new.
And then we got a call the actual plugin.
So we've got to bring that plug in into our web page config file.
So we're gonna say const h the email web PAC plug in is equal to require HMO Westpac plug in so we're
bringing it in here.
We want to instantiate an instance of it and we're gonna pass to it a configuration object.
This object is simply going to take the template of the actual file that it's going to use as the index
HDL starting point in our ReACT application.
So we wanted to take this one that we have in our source because this is the one that renders the div
idea of root using the app J.S. code and all of the index jazz code that we have here what's going to
happen is that inside of babble loader babble loader always by default tries to go for a index digest
for inside of your source folder.
That's why we always find index check us inside of source.
So it's going to find this file it's going to run this code and it's going to use that index each time
on thought that we supply to the actual HDMI plug in as the file that it needs to run the javascript
on which is where we're going to end up using our ReACT arms out render in order to replace that did
with the idea of root with our app component.
So it's actually the combination of those two loaders together inside of our Web pack that ends up producing
and providing outside the new javascript and HDMI files that we need for our final build.
So finally with this template we're just going to pass it the string to our index each.
And this is our Web pack config a lot of new concepts.
But honestly if you think about what it is that we wrote It's actually quite simple We're just following
along with some simple rules and using loaders it's just all configuration with Web site that's really
all it is.
Of course I'm going to link all of the documentation for this so that you can see what other options
you have.
Understand a little better what else you can do with these different options.
But this is just a bare bones setup so that we can run our web pack and render our ReACT code now that
we have all this let's just run built because we've got our config setup we've got Web hack.
Well it looks like we have a little error here.
Oh I put this in the wrong place.
This should be one lower so plug ins comes after module and now let's try this again.
So it's going to run the Web pack build can't find app inside of app.
This is a syntax issue.
So inside of index dot J S this should be app Dutch ASX because our loader is looking specifically for
this it does not default.
So that's actually one of the things with Westpac let's fix that.
Let's try this again.
So my autocomplete will automatically try and correct sometimes without doing the dodgy OSX as you've
seen throughout this course as I've imported multiple files together.
So there's just one of the caveats and nuances with web hack if you want that feature you actually have
to write it yourself as a config option.
But now we finished our build.
But let's actually go over what just happened.
We ran into a couple of minor errors.
This is very normal with configuration of web hack.
This is why the create RAC team.
And actually many CLIA tools even for angular in view try and hide this away from developers because
it's so error prone.
There's so many little nuances you can miss with Westpac that it's really frustrating to work with.
In that sense that's not to say that it's not worth learning.
It definitely is worth learning at least what's happening.
But the tools as Andre mentioned in an earlier lesson an entire team is dedicated to helping you build
and set up your configuration with web hack and Babel to the most optimized degree possible it's worth
knowing what's happening under the hood at least like demystifying what web hacking people do.
But writing it from scratch could bring you a lot of headache and the configuration options are pretty
much just things you have to do by memory and looking at the actual configuration.
There's no real logic beyond what it is that each configuration tool is trying to do for you.
But now that we have our final build we see that it succeeded inside.
We now see we have this new disk folder and an HD email.
So let's actually open this in the terminal but let's open up our index of each demo.
Let's reveal and finder and let's just open it up in our browser and there we see we see our component
rendered our reactors working so we know that our loader is working and we know that our web pack is
all working and that's pretty much it.
This is all web hack and Babel do it transforms it down it builds it into a final index not a channel
as well as main jazz bundle that we download as we saw in a performance section.
So this is actually what's helping web Park is helping us improve our performance by bundling these
files for us when we make these requests.
That's why we included the HCM l bundle.
This is the main advantage of Westpac web pack allows us to increase our performance because it sets
up a lot of these things for us.
The react team by default assumes and must use Westpac all of these new technologies and frameworks
all leverage Westpac under the hood to help them optimize the performance and build the code that you
write in angular or in react down into a readable version for browsers but now that we finally have
our Web pack and our configuration options we understand what it is that Westpac does dig around with
the documentation play with it a little bit yourself if you want to for example include the SAS loader
I can include a link to the SAS loader just try to follow the instructions and see if you can fit it
in right a SAS file and see what happens so hopefully with that you understand at least conceptually
what Westpac and Babel do.
That's not to say that for your projects especially when you're on a new team that you suddenly write
this yourself from scratch if you also want you can create a new create react app application eject
it and look at how complicated that code is because now you at least have a better understanding of
what it is that Westpac is doing.
Look at the Bebo RC as well and see how many configuration options there are compare.
Contrast that with the documentation and you'll at least see all of the available possibilities that
you have in front of you.
With Westpac and Babel so hopefully you've enjoyed this lesson and I'll see you in the next lesson.